And God said, ��Let the water teem with living creatures, and let
birds fly above the earth across the vault of the sky.�� 21 So God
created the great creatures of the sea and every living thing with
which the water teems and that moves about in it, according to their
kinds, and every winged bird according to its kind. And God saw that
it was good. 22 God blessed them and said, ��Be fruitful and increase
in number and fill the water in the seas, and let the birds increase
on the earth.�� 23 And there was evening, and there was morning��the
fifth day.

And God said, ��Let the water teem with living creatures, and let
birds fly above the earth across the vault of the sky.�� 21 So God
created the great creatures of the sea and every living thing with
which the water teems and that moves about in it, according to their
kinds, and every winged bird according to its kind. And God saw that
it was good. 22 God blessed them and said, ��Be fruitful and increase
in number and fill the water in the seas, and let the birds increase
on the earth.�� 23 And there was evening, and there was morning��the 
fifth day.

When we are in school, the teacher always tell us to learn hard, so
as to make a lot of money and then become the successful person. But
as I grow up, I realize that we have the limited impression about
success. I have seen some rich people, who felt lost and did not
know what they should fight for, or some people who get paid high
but needed to overwork all the time. Of course, these people are
successful according to the traditional opinion, but I think the
ordinary people who live the happy life should be the part to be
considered.
